Access https://app.joinit.com/ using kaylene.peters@mgs.ac.zw and password aS327863# and see how it works and design and develop a similar Full Stack application using the latest stable version of LARAVEL , Inertia, React and Tailwind CSS starter kit AND Postgresql for  the Estate Agents Council of Zimbabwe. Access https://github.com/creativetimofficial/argon-dashboard-laravel and use this theme for all Dashboards and all Pages. Use version 2 of argon dashboard for laravel version 2. Use Egyptian Blue (#1434A4) as the primary colour and Pastel Blue (#A7C7E7) as the Secondary colour. Make the Application very modern responsive. The Main Navigation BAR is horizontal and at the Top, with a Gradient Hero Banner underneath that NAV BAR. HERO banner has heading „Be a part of the Estate Agents Council“ with a button „Join Estate Agents Council“ and Bold Call to Action. Each Dashboard should have very informative Cards and Quick Action Buttons which are colourful using different shades of the colour Blue. Please add at least 10 demo records per component.

This application is for only one Organisation (Estate Agents Council of Zimbabwe) to manage Users, Members, Cases, Events and CPD Events, Communication, Notice Boards, Organizations, Finance and Payments. The Membership Management System should have an additional Case Management component like a Helpdesk for Real Estate Council were people can lodge complaints on and about Real estate organisations and members registered with the Estate Agents Council of Zimbabwe. Anonymous Users can Open Cases on the main Login Page and are assigned case IDs to follow up. The cases can be assigned to internal colleagues by an Administrator. Each Member should get an online verifiable Digital and Printed Membership Card and Certificates. The Public can verify that someone is a member on the Application using QR Code, Fullname or Membership number online, accessed through the Login page.  The EACZ registers and manages Individual Members and Organizational Members which are Real Estate Companies/Firms. We should be able to add Members, Organizations individually or in Bulk Import, Members, Organizations, Events. We  have the following  Individual Member Types: Real Estate Agent, Real Estate Negotiator, Real Estate Property Manager and Principal Real Estate Agent. 
The System should allow us to add Member Types, Organization Types, Event Types, Case Types, Payment Types, User Types. Each and every Individual Member belongs to a Real Estate Firm/Organization.  The Estate Agents Council also Manages the registration of Organizations or Real Estate Agencies/Firms/Companies . Every Individual or Organizational Members pay an Annual Subscription/Membership Fee. All Individual Members go through Continuous Professional Development (CPD) which should be recorded and tracked. CPD Hours are earned through Attending designated Events such as Seminars, Trainings and Workshops and Members earn Digital Certificates and CPD Hours added to their tally of CPD Hours.  For Individual and Organizational Members to be registered they should meet Minimum Registration Requirements.  Individual Members should meet the following. We have normal applicants who meet Minimum requirements and Mature Entry for applicants who are 27 years old or more:  1. Five Ordinary Level Passes including English and Mathematics for normal Applicants 
2. Individual members must have either Two(2) Advanced Level Passes or an equivalent  qualification or be at least 27 years to be considered as mature entry. 

The Application process and Application Forms should check for these requirements. During the Application process Individual Member applicants should upload Certified copies of their Educational Qualifications. Certified Copies of Proof of Identity either ID or Passport and Certified Copy of Birth Certificate on the Application Form.  To register as a Organizational/Estate Agency/Company/Firm the following requirements must be met: 1. Should have a Trust Account with a Commercial Bank
2. Must have a Principal Registered Estate Agent who is in charge of the trust account
3. 3 Annual return forms (To be collected by Principal Registered Agent)
4. Certificate of Incorporation or Partnership Agreement
5. Principal Registered Agent must be a Director as proved in CR6 Form
6. Certified Copy of CR11 forms
7. Letter of Trust Account confirmation from Commercial Bank
8. Tax Clearance Certificate
9. Police Clearance Letters for the Directors The application process should allow Applicant for Company Registration to upload the requirements above.

The Application process should show a Checklist of the Requirements above before Submitting.

Each Membership has Benefits such as Professional Recognition, Education and Development and Business Support. Upon Registration Approval every Member should get a Certificate of Registration (Digital Version) and it should be dowloadable from their Member Portal as PDF. We should have a Organisation Portal for Organisational Members should show the Designated Principal Agent, the Directors, The Certificate of Registration in Digital Form with QRcode and Downloadable in PDF, Fees history, Renewal of Membership, List of Agents registered under the Organisation. Organisation Portal for Organisational Members should allow them to change Principal Registered Agent. Should Allow Company/Agency’s Principal Agent/Member to Upload all the Required Documents in the Documents Section and update all information in the Portal. 

 Individual Member Types: Real Estate Agent, Property Manager, Principal Real Estate Agent, Real Estate Negotiator. 
Organizational Member Types: Real Estate Firm, Property Management Firm, Brokerage Firm and Real Estate Development Firm.

We have more than one Payment Options such as Payment by Cash, Debit/Credit Card through a Payment Intergration with Paynow and Stripe

These are Paynow Integration parameters 

Type: 3rd Party Integration
Payment link:“erpnext-usd“
Integration  ID: 21044 
Integration Key: b1f1b8fb-0ae5-47f4-aa6e-0f250c38fa64

Member Doctype Fields should have three sections: Personal Information, Membership Section and Education Section and Documents Upload Section where all Required Documents are uploaded and Administrators Verify them and Approve the uploaded documents. The Member should have the following additional fields, membership(type of member subscription), company/firm name(Drop Down of All Registered Real Estate Firms), date of joining, membership status (Active, Standby, Revoked etc). 

All Prospective members an apply online through a sectioned comprehensive Application Form to Real Estate Agents Council and  pay an application fee. Members also have Fee Management where Subscription Schedule links to Subscription Structure and either Member, Membership Enrollment or Membership. Include Event Management, a member can signup to Events in the member-portal and can pay for the events online. Renew Membership in the self-service Portal.

Each Member belongs to a Real Estate Firm/Company. Each Real Estate Firm is also registered and pays an Annual Subscription. All subscription fees are fixed. When a Member is enrolled into a Subscription then their User account is created and notification sent. We should have a listing of Events, by Event Type, Event venue, Map(Directions), dates of the event, Price of the event. Add Event Management component, to manage events such as Workshops, Seminars that Members  signup to and are displayed in the Member-Portal as Events to be attended, Events already attended. Allow Members to pay for events online as well using Paynow from Zimbabwe. Include all the error handling logic into the application and optimize the code.  Members should be able to renew membership from Member-Portal, pay for yearly membership online using integrated Paynow from Zimbabwe integrated Paynow.  Additional fields Education Section(Drop-down with O-Level, A-Level, Bachelors Degree, HND, Masters ). With Bulk Member Applicants, we should have Provisional Approval and Member Account is created, User generated and they can login to Upload all the required documents before they are Approved. 

We should have one Login Page, when a member logs in they are redirected to their onw Member-Portal. When a Principal Agent logs in they should be presented with two Options; one option to continue to their Individual Member Portal or second Option to Login into their Company Portal. Only Members can login into Member-Portal. Only Principal Agent can login into Company-Portal of the Registered Firm and only Admins (Member Manager, Super Admin and other RBAC users). All members will have a Digital Downloadable Certificate of Registration on their Portal with the following Details (Estate Agents Council Logo and Name centered at the Header, centered Certificate of Registration, Individual/ Company Member, Membership Type, Date of Registration, Date of Expiry(After a Year), Registrar’s Signature). Each Certificate should have QR-Code centered as well. Add Logic for members of the public to be able to check and verify if a person is registered with Estate Agents Council of Zimbabwe through the portal.

Company/Organisation Portal has Dashboard detailing information about the Company, their registration details, Digital and Downloadable Certificate of Membership. Details about Registered Members who belong to the Company.

